Writerside/topics/DevPost-Submission.md, before:

> ***`todo`***
# Financy
## Inspiration
> todo

## What It Does
> todo
## How We Built It
We used Swift UI to build a simple yet powerful frontend for iOS apps. We also wrote a backend in Rust to deploy a RESTful API quickly and efficiently using Rocket.
## Challenges We Ran Into
We were very limited in the number of features we could do because in addition to time constraints, we also only had 2 people on our team. In addition to that, our frontend developer didn't know Rust and our backend developer didn't know Swift UI. We overcame these challenges by efficiently communicating the specifics about the API routes, what we wanted for the backend, and how the UI should be designed in the frontend.
## Accomplishments That We're Proud Of
This was our first hackathon, and we had a lot of challenges to overcome with the amount of work to be split among 2 people. We were both equally proud of:
- How quick the UI design was made
- How speedy all the routes for the API were written
  Overall, we like to see how efficiently our code was written and fully completed.
## What We Learned
We learned that we need to have more concurrency in the programming languages that we know, so that in the future, when someone is done, or not doing anything, they can help program and finish it instead of doing busywork that is usually reserved for the end of the hackathon, like presentations and Dev Post submissions.
## What's Next?
> todo
## How to Run
Requires:
- MacOS
- `rustc` version >=1.74.1
- `cargo` version >=1.74.1

Install and run the XCode project. Then, in a separate folder, start the Rocket server.

Commit message:

Add some more stuff to the DevPost submission

Writerside/topics/DevPost-Submission.md, after:

#  💸 Financy 💸
## ✨ Inspiration ✨
We were thinking about how a lot of people in today's society are financially illiterate.
We created ***Financy*** as a solution to this problem.
## 🤖 What It Does 🤖
__Financy__ is a budget tracker which also has short articles that help you
on your financial goals.
## 🏗 How We Built It 🏗
We used Swift UI to build a simple yet powerful frontend for iOS apps. We also wrote a backend in Rust to deploy a RESTful API quickly and efficiently using Rocket.
## 🧩 Challenges We Ran Into 🧩
We were very limited in the number of features we could do because in addition to time constraints, we also only had 2 people on our team. In addition to that, our frontend developer didn't know Rust and our backend developer didn't know Swift UI. We overcame these challenges by efficiently communicating the specifics about the API routes, what we wanted for the backend, and how the UI should be designed in the frontend. We also ran into an issue with Github where we lost all of our frontend code at one point. We
overcame this challenge by remaking the app from memory.
## 🏆 Accomplishments That We're Proud Of 🏆
This was our first hackathon, and we had a lot of challenges to overcome with the amount of work to be split among 2 people. We were both equally proud of:
- How quick the UI design was made
- How speedy all the routes for the API were written
  Overall, we like to see how efficiently our code was written and fully completed.
## 📖 What We Learned 📖
We learned that we need to have more concurrency in the programming languages that we know, so that in the future, when someone is done, or not doing anything, they can help program and finish it instead of doing busywork that is usually reserved for the end of the hackathon, like presentations and Dev Post submissions.
## 👀 What's Next? 👀
In the future of __Financy__, we hope to expand to more platforms, as well as writing more articles.
## 👨‍💻 How to Run 👨‍💻
Requires:
- MacOS
- `rustc` version >=1.74.1
- `cargo` version >=1.74.1

Install and run the XCode project. Then, in a separate folder, start the Rocket server.
